Updated Contribute/Guidelines and Contribute/Setup pages. (#294)
IDinsight/aaq-core: docs/develop/contributing.md

# Contributing to AAQ

> Thank you for being interested in contributing to AAQ!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thank you for your interest in contributing to AAQ!
```
